-- Joke Script with 100 English jokes
local Players = game:GetService("Players")
local ReplicatedStorage = game:GetService("ReplicatedStorage")
local player = Players.LocalPlayer

-- 100 jokes
local jokes = {
    "Why don't programmers like nature? It has too many bugs.",
    "Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't see sharp.",
    "How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a hardware problem.",
    "Why was the computer cold? It forgot to close Windows.",
    "Why did the coder go broke? Because he used up all his cache.",
    "I told my computer I needed a break, and it said 'No problem, I'll go to sleep.'",
    "Why did the smartphone go to school? To improve its reception.",
    "Why do Python programmers live longer? Because they don't have to deal with pointers.",
    "Why was the function sad? It didn't have any arguments.",
    "What do computers eat for snacks? Microchips.",
    "Why did the computer keep sneezing? It caught a virus.",
    "Why did the developer go broke? He lost his domain in a bet.",
    "Why was the JavaScript developer sad? Because he didn’t know how to ‘null’ his feelings.",
    "Why was the computer tired when it got home? Too many tabs open.",
    "Why did the gamer bring a ladder? To reach the next level.",
    "Why was the keyboard sticky? Too much typing sugar.",
    "Why did the AI cross the road? To optimize the chicken’s path.",
    "What’s a computer’s favorite beat? An algo-rhythm.",
    "Why don’t robots panic? They have nerves of steel.",
    "Why was the server always calm? It could handle the load.",
    "Why did the chip go to the hospital? It caught a byte.",
    "Why did the IT guy go broke? He couldn’t find his balance sheet.",
    "Why are computers so smart? They listen to their motherboards.",
    "Why did the gamer stay at the restaurant? Unlimited servers.",
    "What did the router say to the doctor? It hurts when IP.",
    "Why was the computer screen embarrassed? It saw the mouse naked.",
    "Why did the coder sleep under his desk? To work in his sleep mode.",
    "Why was the website afraid? Too many cookies.",
    "Why did the algorithm break up? It found a better match.",
    "Why was the database admin lonely? All relationships were foreign.",
    "Why do coders love dark mode? Because light attracts bugs.",
    "Why don’t computers take their hats off? They have bad caps lock.",
    "Why did the software engineer die in the shower? He read the shampoo instructions: Lather. Rinse. Repeat.",
    "Why did the variable break up with the constant? It couldn’t change.",
    "Why did the computer sit down? It needed to take a byte.",
    "Why do hackers wear hoodies? To stay incognito.",
    "Why was the binary so sad? It only had two options.",
    "Why did the operating system break up with the hardware? There was no connection.",
    "Why did the laptop go to therapy? Too much attachment.",
    "Why did the spreadsheet go broke? It lost all its cells.",
    "Why did the mouse get fired? It kept clicking around.",
    "Why did the printer go to the doctor? It had paper jams.",
    "Why did the server go broke? It couldn’t handle the bills.",
    "Why did the hard drive go on vacation? It needed more space.",
    "Why did the coder stay calm? He had great exception handling.",
    "Why did the website go to school? To improve its domain knowledge.",
    "Why did the network admin cross the road? To check the other subnet.",
    "Why did the firewall blush? Someone tried to get past it.",
    "Why did the keyboard file a complaint? Too much pressure.",
    "Why did the laptop fail art class? It only knew how to draw windows.",
    "Why did the function love math? It always had good arguments.",
    "Why did the loop feel dizzy? It kept going around in circles.",
    "Why did the array break up? It had too many elements.",
    "Why did the CPU break up with the GPU? It couldn’t process the relationship.",
    "Why did the coder always look cool? He had lots of cache.",
    "Why did the file go to jail? It was corrupt.",
    "Why did the RAM leave the CPU? It needed space.",
    "Why did the website feel insecure? It had no SSL.",
    "Why did the mobile app feel small? It was just a widget.",
    "Why did the robot feel shy? It had low self-esteem.",
    "Why did the script go to sleep? Too many bugs kept it awake.",
    "Why did the cloud cry? It was full of data.",
    "Why did the code smell bad? Too many functions decomposed.",
    "Why did the PC blush? It caught the monitor staring.",
    "Why did the WiFi feel lonely? It lost its connection.",
    "Why did the coder carry a pencil? For debugging.",
    "Why did the software get sick? Too many bugs in the system.",
    "Why did the laptop feel heavy? Too many downloads.",
    "Why did the code go bald? Too much stress testing.",
    "Why did the dev get lost? He followed a wrong path.",
    "Why did the smartphone feel proud? It had a good signal.",
    "Why did the AI feel nervous? Too many people watching.",
    "Why did the VR headset feel dizzy? Too many spins.",
    "Why did the update take forever? It was stuck in a loop.",
    "Why did the compiler feel angry? Too many errors thrown at it.",
    "Why did the monitor feel bright? Too many highlights.",
    "Why did the cloud service feel rich? It charged by the minute.",
    "Why did the backup file feel safe? It had a copy of everything.",
    "Why did the laptop feel tired? It was running all day.",
    "Why did the app cry? It crashed again.",
    "Why did the AI tell a joke? It wanted a byte of humor.",
    "Why did the program feel lonely? It had no inputs.",
    "Why did the console laugh? It got a funny output.",
    "Why did the website crash? Too many visitors.",
    "Why did the bug get promoted? It kept reproducing.",
    "Why did the coder bring a ladder? To reach higher levels.",
    "Why did the code cry? It had too many exceptions.",
    "Why did the laptop love music? It had good speakers.",
    "Why did the USB drive feel small? Too little capacity.",
    "Why did the program stay calm? It was in a stable release.",
    "Why did the dev love the ocean? It liked surfing the net.",
    "Why did the mouse laugh? It saw the cheese program.",
    "Why did the tablet feel flat? It had no dimensions.",
    "Why did the screen look sad? No brightness in its life.",
    "Why did the AI sleep early? Too many computations.",
    "Why did the data scientist smile? His model finally fit.",
    "Why did the file manager crash? Too many folders.",
    "Why did the program freeze? It caught a cold.",
    "Why did the motherboard yell? Too many circuits talking.",
    "Why did the CPU overheat? Too much processing drama.",
    "Why did the PC hide? It didn’t want to be debugged."
}

-- UI
local ScreenGui = Instance.new("ScreenGui")
ScreenGui.Parent = player:WaitForChild("PlayerGui")

local Button = Instance.new("TextButton")
Button.Size = UDim2.new(0, 280, 0, 60)
Button.Position = UDim2.new(0.5, -140, 0.5, -30)
Button.Text = "Tell a Joke"
Button.TextScaled = true
Button.Parent = ScreenGui

-- On click, print ONE random joke
Button.MouseButton1Click:Connect(function()
    local joke = jokes[math.random(1, #jokes)]
    ReplicatedStorage.DefaultChatSystemChatEvents.SayMessageRequest:FireServer(joke, "All")
end)
